# Syncope PHP Client

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.1.2-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen

To regenerate the library find the instructions [here](generation/README.md)

## Requirements

PHP 5.5 and later

## Installation & Usage
### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "git",
      "url": "https://github.com/openeuropa/syncope-php-client.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "openeuropa/syncope-php-client": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
    require_once('/path/to/Syncope PHP Client/vendor/autoload.php');
```

## Tests

To run the unit tests:

```
composer install
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');

// Configure HTTP basic authorization: BasicAuthentication
$config = OpenEuropa\SyncopePhpClient\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()
    ->setUsername('YOUR_USERNAME')
    ->setPassword('YOUR_PASSWORD');
// Configure HTTP basic authorization: Bearer
$config = OpenEuropa\SyncopePhpClient\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()
    ->setUsername('YOUR_USERNAME')
    ->setPassword('YOUR_PASSWORD');

$apiInstance = new OpenEuropa\SyncopePhpClient\Api\AccessTokensApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client(),
    $config
);
$xSyncopeDomain = 'Master'; // string | 
$page = 1; // int | query conditions
$size = 25; // int | 
$orderby = 'orderby_example'; // string | 

try {
    $apiInstance->callList($xSyncopeDomain, $page, $size, $orderby);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling AccessTokensApi->callList: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}

?>
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://syncope-vm.apache.org:9080/syncope/rest*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccessTokensApi* | [**callList**](docs/Api/AccessTokensApi.md#calllist) | **GET** /accessTokens | Returns a paged list of existing access tokens matching the given query.
*AccessTokensApi* | [**delete**](docs/Api/AccessTokensApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** /accessTokens/{key} | Invalidates the access token matching the provided key.
*AccessTokensApi* | [**login**](docs/Api/AccessTokensApi.md#login) | **POST** /accessTokens/login | Returns an empty response bearing the X-Syncope-Token header value, in case of successful authentication.  The provided value is a signed JSON Web Token.
*AccessTokensApi* | [**logout**](docs/Api/AccessTokensApi.md#logout) | **POST** /accessTokens/logout | Invalidates the access token of the requesting user.
*AccessTokensApi* | [**refresh**](docs/Api/AccessTokensApi.md#refresh) | **POST** /accessTokens/refresh | Returns an empty response bearing the X-Syncope-Token header value, with extended lifetime.  The provided value is a signed JSON Web Token.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**associateAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#associateanyobject) | **POST** /anyObjects/{key}/associate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**createAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#createanyobject) | **POST** /anyObjects | Creates a new any object.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**deassociateAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#deassociateanyobject) | **POST** /anyObjects/{key}/deassociate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**deleteAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#deleteanyobject) | **DELETE** /anyObjects/{key} | Deletes any object matching provided key.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**deleteAnyObjectAttribute**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#deleteanyobjectattribute) | **DELETE** /anyObjects/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Deletes the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**readAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#readanyobject) | **GET** /anyObjects/{key} | Reads the any object matching the provided key.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**readAnyObjectAttribute**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#readanyobjectattribute) | **GET** /anyObjects/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Reads the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**readAnyObjectAttributeForSchema**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#readanyobjectattributeforschema) | **GET** /anyObjects/{key}/{schemaType} | Reads the list of attributes owned by the given any object for the given schema type.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**searchAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#searchanyobject) | **GET** /anyObjects | Returns a paged list of any objects matching the given query.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**updateAnyObject**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#updateanyobject) | **PUT** /anyObjects/{key} | Updates any object matching the provided key.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**updateAnyObjectAttribute**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#updateanyobjectattribute) | **PUT** /anyObjects/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Adds or replaces the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*AnyObjectsApi* | [**updateAnyObjectPartial**](docs/Api/AnyObjectsApi.md#updateanyobjectpartial) | **PATCH** /anyObjects/{key} | Updates any object matching the provided key.
*AnyTypeClassesApi* | [**createAnyTypeClass**](docs/Api/AnyTypeClassesApi.md#createanytypeclass) | **POST** /anyTypeClasses | Creates a new anyTypeClass.
*AnyTypeClassesApi* | [**deleteAnyTypeClass**](docs/Api/AnyTypeClassesApi.md#deleteanytypeclass) | **DELETE** /anyTypeClasses/{key} | Deletes the anyTypeClass matching the provided key.
*AnyTypeClassesApi* | [**listAnyTypeClass**](docs/Api/AnyTypeClassesApi.md#listanytypeclass) | **GET** /anyTypeClasses | Returns a list of all anyTypeClasss.
*AnyTypeClassesApi* | [**readAnyTypeClass**](docs/Api/AnyTypeClassesApi.md#readanytypeclass) | **GET** /anyTypeClasses/{key} | Returns anyTypeClass with matching key.
*AnyTypeClassesApi* | [**updateAnyTypeClass**](docs/Api/AnyTypeClassesApi.md#updateanytypeclass) | **PUT** /anyTypeClasses/{key} | Updates the anyTypeClass matching the provided key.
*AnyTypesApi* | [**createAnyType**](docs/Api/AnyTypesApi.md#createanytype) | **POST** /anyTypes | Creates a new anyType.
*AnyTypesApi* | [**deleteAnyType**](docs/Api/AnyTypesApi.md#deleteanytype) | **DELETE** /anyTypes/{key} | Deletes the anyType matching the provided key.
*AnyTypesApi* | [**listAnyType**](docs/Api/AnyTypesApi.md#listanytype) | **GET** /anyTypes | Returns a list of all anyTypes.
*AnyTypesApi* | [**readAnyType**](docs/Api/AnyTypesApi.md#readanytype) | **GET** /anyTypes/{key} | Returns anyType with matching key.
*AnyTypesApi* | [**updateAnyType**](docs/Api/AnyTypesApi.md#updateanytype) | **PUT** /anyTypes/{key} | Updates the anyType matching the provided key.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#create) | **POST** /applications | Creates a new application.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /applications/{key} | Deletes the application matching the provided key.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**list3**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#list3) | **GET** /applications | Returns a list of all applications.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**read5**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#read5) | **GET** /applications/{key} | Returns application with matching key.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**readPrivilege**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#readprivilege) | **GET** /applications/privileges/{key} | Returns privilege with matching key.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/ApplicationsApi.md#update) | **PUT** /applications/{key} | Updates the application matching the provided key.
*CamelRoutesApi* | [**list4**](docs/Api/CamelRoutesApi.md#list4) | **GET** /camelRoutes/{anyTypeKind} | List all routes for the given any type kind.
*CamelRoutesApi* | [**metrics**](docs/Api/CamelRoutesApi.md#metrics) | **GET** /camelRoutes/metrics | Provides Camel metrics.
*CamelRoutesApi* | [**read6**](docs/Api/CamelRoutesApi.md#read6) | **GET** /camelRoutes/{anyTypeKind}/{key} | Read the route with the given key.
*CamelRoutesApi* | [**restartContext**](docs/Api/CamelRoutesApi.md#restartcontext) | **POST** /camelRoutes/restartContext | Restart the underlying Apache Camel context.
*CamelRoutesApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/CamelRoutesApi.md#update) | **PUT** /camelRoutes/{anyTypeKind}/{key} | Update the given route.
*ConfigurationApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ConfigurationApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /configurations/{schema} | Deletes the configuration parameter with matching schema.
*ConfigurationApi* | [**export**](docs/Api/ConfigurationApi.md#export) | **GET** /configurations/stream | Exports internal storage content as downloadable XML file.
*ConfigurationApi* | [**get**](docs/Api/ConfigurationApi.md#get) | **GET** /configurations/{schema} | Returns configuration parameter with matching schema.
*ConfigurationApi* | [**list5**](docs/Api/ConfigurationApi.md#list5) | **GET** /configurations | Returns all configuration parameters.
*ConfigurationApi* | [**set**](docs/Api/ConfigurationApi.md#set) | **PUT** /configurations/{schema} | Creates / updates the configuration parameter with the given schema.
*ConnectorHistoryApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ConnectorHistoryApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /connectorsHistory/{key} | Deletes the connector configuration history instance matching the provided key.
*ConnectorHistoryApi* | [**list6**](docs/Api/ConnectorHistoryApi.md#list6) | **GET** /connectorsHistory/{connectorKey} | Returns a list of all connector configuration history instances for the given connector instance key.
*ConnectorHistoryApi* | [**restore**](docs/Api/ConnectorHistoryApi.md#restore) | **POST** /connectorsHistory/{key} | Restores the connector configuration history instance matching the provided key.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**buildObjectClassInfo**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#buildobjectclassinfo) | **POST** /connectors/{key}/supportedObjectClasses | Builds the list of ConnId object classes information for the connector bundle matching the given connector  instance key, with the provided configuration.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**check**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#check) | **POST** /connectors/check | Checks whether the connection to resource could be established.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#create) | **POST** /connectors | Creates a new connector instance.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /connectors/{key} | Deletes the connector instance matching the provided key.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**getBundles**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#getbundles) | **GET** /connectors/bundles | Returns available connector bundles with property keys in selected language.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**list7**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#list7) | **GET** /connectors | Returns a list of all connector instances with property keys in the matching language.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**read7**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#read7) | **GET** /connectors/{key} | Returns connector instance with matching key.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**readByResource**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#readbyresource) | **GET** /connectors/byResource/{resourceName} | Returns connector instance for matching resource.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**reload**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#reload) | **POST** /connectors/reload | Reload all connector bundles and instances.
*ConnectorsApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/ConnectorsApi.md#update) | **PUT** /connectors/{key} | Updates the connector instance matching the provided key.
*DomainsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/DomainsApi.md#create) | **POST** /domains | Creates a new domain.
*DomainsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/DomainsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /domains/{key} | Deletes the domain matching the provided key.
*DomainsApi* | [**list8**](docs/Api/DomainsApi.md#list8) | **GET** /domains | Returns a list of all domains.
*DomainsApi* | [**read8**](docs/Api/DomainsApi.md#read8) | **GET** /domains/{key} | Returns domain with matching key.
*DomainsApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/DomainsApi.md#update) | **PUT** /domains/{key} | Updates the domain matching the provided key.
*DynamicRealmsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/DynamicRealmsApi.md#create) | **POST** /dynRealms | Creates a new dynamic realm.
*DynamicRealmsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/DynamicRealmsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /dynRealms/{key} | Deletes the dynamic realm matching the provided key.
*DynamicRealmsApi* | [**list9**](docs/Api/DynamicRealmsApi.md#list9) | **GET** /dynRealms | Returns a list of all dynamic realms.
*DynamicRealmsApi* | [**read9**](docs/Api/DynamicRealmsApi.md#read9) | **GET** /dynRealms/{key} | Returns dynamic realm with matching key.
*DynamicRealmsApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/DynamicRealmsApi.md#update) | **PUT** /dynRealms/{key} | Updates the dynamic realm matching the provided key.
*GroupsApi* | [**associateGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#associategroup) | **POST** /groups/{key}/associate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*GroupsApi* | [**createGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#creategroup) | **POST** /groups | Creates a new group.
*GroupsApi* | [**deassociateGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#deassociategroup) | **POST** /groups/{key}/deassociate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*GroupsApi* | [**deleteGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#deletegroup) | **DELETE** /groups/{key} | Deletes any object matching provided key.
*GroupsApi* | [**deleteGroupAttribute**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#deletegroupattribute) | **DELETE** /groups/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Deletes the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*GroupsApi* | [**own**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#own) | **GET** /groups/own | This method allows a user to read his own groups.
*GroupsApi* | [**provisionMembers**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#provisionmembers) | **POST** /groups/{key}/members/{action} | (De)provision all members of the given group from / onto all the resources associated to it.
*GroupsApi* | [**readGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#readgroup) | **GET** /groups/{key} | Reads the any object matching the provided key.
*GroupsApi* | [**readGroupAttribute**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#readgroupattribute) | **GET** /groups/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Reads the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*GroupsApi* | [**readGroupAttributeForSchema**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#readgroupattributeforschema) | **GET** /groups/{key}/{schemaType} | Reads the list of attributes owned by the given any object for the given schema type.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*GroupsApi* | [**searchGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#searchgroup) | **GET** /groups | Returns a paged list of any objects matching the given query.
*GroupsApi* | [**updateGroup**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#updategroup) | **PUT** /groups/{key} | Updates group matching the provided key.
*GroupsApi* | [**updateGroupAttribute**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#updategroupattribute) | **PUT** /groups/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Adds or replaces the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*GroupsApi* | [**updateGroup_0**](docs/Api/GroupsApi.md#updategroup_0) | **PATCH** /groups/{key} | Updates group matching the provided key.
*ImplementationsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/ImplementationsApi.md#create) | **POST** /implementations/{type}/{key} | Creates a new implementation.
*ImplementationsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ImplementationsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /implementations/{type}/{key} | Deletes the implementation matching the given key and type.
*ImplementationsApi* | [**list10**](docs/Api/ImplementationsApi.md#list10) | **GET** /implementations/{type} | Returns a list of all implementations of the given type.
*ImplementationsApi* | [**read13**](docs/Api/ImplementationsApi.md#read13) | **GET** /implementations/{type}/{key} | Returns implementation with matching type and key.
*ImplementationsApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/ImplementationsApi.md#update) | **PUT** /implementations/{type}/{key} | Updates an existing implementation.
*LoggersApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /loggers/{type}/{name} | Deletes the logger with matching name.
*LoggersApi* | [**events**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#events) | **GET** /loggers/events | Returns the list of all managed events in audit.
*LoggersApi* | [**getLastLogStatements**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#getlastlogstatements) | **GET** /loggers/memoryAppenders/{memoryAppender}/lastLogStatements | Return the last log statements available in the provided memory appender.
*LoggersApi* | [**list11**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#list11) | **GET** /loggers/{type} | Returns a list of loggers with matching type.
*LoggersApi* | [**memoryAppenders**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#memoryappenders) | **GET** /loggers/memoryAppenders | Returns the list of memory appenders available in the current logging configuration.
*LoggersApi* | [**read14**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#read14) | **GET** /loggers/{type}/{name} | Returns logger with matching type and name.
*LoggersApi* | [**update**](docs/Api/LoggersApi.md#update) | **PUT** /loggers/{type}/{key} | Creates or updates (if existing) the logger with matching name.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#create) | **POST** /mailTemplates | Creates a new mail template.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /mailTemplates/{key} | Deletes the mail template matching the given key.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**getFormat**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#getformat) | **GET** /mailTemplates/{key}/{format} | Gets the template for the given key and format, if available.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**list12**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#list12) | **GET** /mailTemplates | Returns a list of all mail templates.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**read15**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#read15) | **GET** /mailTemplates/{key} | Returns mail template with matching key.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**removeFormat**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#removeformat) | **DELETE** /mailTemplates/{key}/{format} | Removes the template for the given key and format, if available.
*MailTemplatesApi* | [**setFormat**](docs/Api/MailTemplatesApi.md#setformat) | **PUT** /mailTemplates/{key}/{format} | Sets the template for the given key and format, if available.
*NotificationsApi* | [**actionJob**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#actionjob) | **POST** /notifications/job | Executes an action on the notification job.
*NotificationsApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#create) | **POST** /notifications | Creates a new notification.
*NotificationsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /notifications/{key} | Deletes the notification matching the given key.
*NotificationsApi* | [**getJob**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#getjob) | **GET** /notifications/job | Returns details about notification job.
*NotificationsApi* | [**list13**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#list13) | **GET** /notifications | Returns a list of all notifications.
*NotificationsApi* | [**read16**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#read16) | **GET** /notifications/{key} | Returns notification with matching key.
*NotificationsApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/NotificationsApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /notifications/{key} | Updates the notification matching the given key.
*OIDCClientsApi* | [**createLoginRequest**](docs/Api/OIDCClientsApi.md#createloginrequest) | **POST** /oidcclient/clients/loginRequest | Generates OpenID Connect authentication request for the Provider matching the provided op.
*OIDCClientsApi* | [**createLogoutRequest**](docs/Api/OIDCClientsApi.md#createlogoutrequest) | **POST** /oidcclient/clients/logout | Returns the endSession endpoint for the provided op.
*OIDCClientsApi* | [**login1**](docs/Api/OIDCClientsApi.md#login1) | **POST** /oidcclient/clients/login | Uses the provided authorization code to go through the OpenID Connect tokens process and finally creates JWT for  the matching user, if found.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#create) | **POST** /oidcclient/providers | Creates a new OIDC Provider.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**createFromDiscovery**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#createfromdiscovery) | **POST** /oidcclient/providers/fromDiscovery | Creates a new OIDC Provider by using its Discovery Document.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /oidcclient/providers/{key} | Deletes the OIDC Provider with matching key.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**getActionsClasses**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#getactionsclasses) | **GET** /oidcclient/providers/actionsClasses | Returns the list of available OIDCProviderActions implementations.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**list14**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#list14) | **GET** /oidcclient/providers | Returns a list of all defined OIDC Providers.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**read17**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#read17) | **GET** /oidcclient/providers/{key} | Returns the OIDC Provider with matching key, if available.
*OIDCProvidersApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/OIDCProvidersApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /oidcclient/providers/{key} | Updates the OIDC Provider with matching key.
*PoliciesApi* | [**create**](docs/Api/PoliciesApi.md#create) | **POST** /policies/{type} | Create a new policy.
*PoliciesApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/PoliciesApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /policies/{type}/{key} | Delete policy matching the given key.
*PoliciesApi* | [**list15**](docs/Api/PoliciesApi.md#list15) | **GET** /policies/{type} | Returns a list of policies of the matching type.
*PoliciesApi* | [**read18**](docs/Api/PoliciesApi.md#read18) | **GET** /policies/{type}/{key} | Returns the policy matching the given key.
*PoliciesApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/PoliciesApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /policies/{type}/{key} | Updates policy matching the given key.
*RealmsApi* | [**createRootedRealm**](docs/Api/RealmsApi.md#createrootedrealm) | **POST** /realms/{parentPath} | Creates a new realm under the given path.
*RealmsApi* | [**deleteRealm**](docs/Api/RealmsApi.md#deleterealm) | **DELETE** /realms/{fullPath} | Deletes the realm under the given path.
*RealmsApi* | [**listRealm**](docs/Api/RealmsApi.md#listrealm) | **GET** /realms/{fullPath} | Returns realms rooted at the given path.
*RealmsApi* | [**listRealm_0**](docs/Api/RealmsApi.md#listrealm_0) | **GET** /realms | Returns a list of all realms.
*RealmsApi* | [**updateRealm**](docs/Api/RealmsApi.md#updaterealm) | **PUT** /realms/{fullPath} | Updates the realm under the given path.
*ReconciliationApi* | [**pull**](docs/Api/ReconciliationApi.md#pull) | **POST** /reconciliation/pull | Pulls the given user, group or any object from the External Resource into Syncope.
*ReconciliationApi* | [**push**](docs/Api/ReconciliationApi.md#push) | **POST** /reconciliation/push | Pushes the given user, group or any object in Syncope onto the External Resource.
*ReconciliationApi* | [**status**](docs/Api/ReconciliationApi.md#status) | **GET** /reconciliation | Gets current attributes on Syncope and on the given External Resource, related to given user, group or  any object.
*RelationshipTypesApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/RelationshipTypesApi.md#create1) | **POST** /relationshipTypes | Creates a new relationshipType.
*RelationshipTypesApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/RelationshipTypesApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /relationshipTypes/{key} | Deletes the relationshipType matching the provided key.
*RelationshipTypesApi* | [**list18**](docs/Api/RelationshipTypesApi.md#list18) | **GET** /relationshipTypes | Returns a list of all relationshipTypes.
*RelationshipTypesApi* | [**read19**](docs/Api/RelationshipTypesApi.md#read19) | **GET** /relationshipTypes/{key} | Returns relationshipType with matching key.
*RelationshipTypesApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/RelationshipTypesApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /relationshipTypes/{key} | Updates the relationshipType matching the provided key.
*RemediationsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /remediations/{key} | Deletes the remediation matching the given key.
*RemediationsApi* | [**list19**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#list19) | **GET** /remediations | Returns a list of all remediations.
*RemediationsApi* | [**read20**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#read20) | **GET** /remediations/{key} | Returns remediation with matching key.
*RemediationsApi* | [**remedy**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#remedy) | **PATCH** /remediations/{remediationKey} | Perform remediation by creating the provided user, group or any object.
*RemediationsApi* | [**remedy1**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#remedy1) | **DELETE** /remediations/{remediationKey}/{anyKey} | Perform remediation by creating the provided user, group or any object.
*RemediationsApi* | [**remedy2**](docs/Api/RemediationsApi.md#remedy2) | **POST** /remediations/{remediationKey} | Perform remediation by creating the provided user, group or any object.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#create1) | **POST** /reportTemplates | Creates a new report template.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /reportTemplates/{key} | Deletes the report template matching the given key.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**getFormat1**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#getformat1) | **GET** /reportTemplates/{key}/{format} | Gets the template for the given key and format, if available.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**list21**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#list21) | **GET** /reportTemplates | Returns a list of all report templates.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**read22**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#read22) | **GET** /reportTemplates/{key} | Returns report template with matching key.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**removeFormat**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#removeformat) | **DELETE** /reportTemplates/{key}/{format} | Removes the template for the given key and format, if available.
*ReportTemplatesApi* | [**setFormat**](docs/Api/ReportTemplatesApi.md#setformat) | **PUT** /reportTemplates/{key}/{format} | Sets the template for the given key and format, if available.
*ReportsApi* | [**actionJob**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#actionjob) | **POST** /reports/jobs/{key} | Executes an action on an existing executable&#39;s job.
*ReportsApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#create1) | **POST** /reports | Creates a new report.
*ReportsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /reports/{key} | Deletes report with matching key.
*ReportsApi* | [**deleteExecution**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#deleteexecution) | **DELETE** /reports/executions/{executionKey} | Deletes the executable execution matching the provided key.
*ReportsApi* | [**deleteExecutions**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#deleteexecutions) | **DELETE** /reports/{key}/executions | Deletes the executions belonging matching the given query.
*ReportsApi* | [**execute**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#execute) | **POST** /reports/{key}/execute | Executes the executable matching the given query.
*ReportsApi* | [**exportExecutionResult**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#exportexecutionresult) | **GET** /reports/executions/{executionKey}/stream | Exports the report execution with matching key in the requested format.
*ReportsApi* | [**getJob1**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#getjob1) | **GET** /reports/jobs/{key} | Returns job (running or scheduled) for the executable matching the given key.
*ReportsApi* | [**list20**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#list20) | **GET** /reports | Returns a list of all existing reports.
*ReportsApi* | [**listExecutions**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#listexecutions) | **GET** /reports/{key}/executions | Returns a paged list of executions matching the given query.
*ReportsApi* | [**listJobs**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#listjobs) | **GET** /reports/jobs | List jobs (running and / or scheduled).
*ReportsApi* | [**listRecentExecutions**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#listrecentexecutions) | **GET** /reports/executions/recent | Returns the list of recently completed executions, ordered by end date descendent.
*ReportsApi* | [**read21**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#read21) | **GET** /reports/{key} | Returns report with matching key.
*ReportsApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/ReportsApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /reports/{key} | Updates report with matching key.
*ResourceHistoryApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ResourceHistoryApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /resourcesHistory/{key} | Deletes the resource configuration history matching the provided key.
*ResourceHistoryApi* | [**list22**](docs/Api/ResourceHistoryApi.md#list22) | **GET** /resourcesHistory/{resourceKey} | Returns a list of all resource configuration history for the given resource key.
*ResourceHistoryApi* | [**restore1**](docs/Api/ResourceHistoryApi.md#restore1) | **POST** /resourcesHistory/{key} | Restores the resource configuration history matching the provided key.
*ResourcesApi* | [**check1**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#check1) | **POST** /resources/check | Checks whether the connection to resource could be established.
*ResourcesApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#create1) | **POST** /resources | Creates a new resource.
*ResourcesApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /resources/{key} | Deletes the resource matching the given name.
*ResourcesApi* | [**list23**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#list23) | **GET** /resources | Returns a list of all resources.
*ResourcesApi* | [**listConnObjects**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#listconnobjects) | **GET** /resources/{key}/{anyTypeKey} | Returns a paged list of connector objects from external resource, for the given type, matching  page/size conditions.
*ResourcesApi* | [**read23**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#read23) | **GET** /resources/{key} | Returns the resource with matching name.
*ResourcesApi* | [**readConnObject**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#readconnobject) | **GET** /resources/{key}/{anyTypeKey}/{anyKey} | Returns connector object from the external resource, for the given type and key.
*ResourcesApi* | [**removeSyncToken**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#removesynctoken) | **DELETE** /resources/{key}/{anyTypeKey} | Removes the sync token value associated to the given any type from the given resource.
*ResourcesApi* | [**setLatestSyncToken**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#setlatestsynctoken) | **POST** /resources/{key}/{anyTypeKey} | Queries the connector underlying the given resource for the latest sync token value associated to the given any  type and stores the value internally, for later usage.
*ResourcesApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/ResourcesApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /resources/{key} | Updates the resource matching the given name.
*RolesApi* | [**createRole**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#createrole) | **POST** /roles | Creates a new role.
*RolesApi* | [**deleteRole**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#deleterole) | **DELETE** /roles/{key} | Deletes the role matching the provided key.
*RolesApi* | [**getConsoleLayoutInfo**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#getconsolelayoutinfo) | **GET** /roles/{key}/consoleLayout | Gets the console layout information as JSON string for the role with the given key, if available.
*RolesApi* | [**listRoles**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#listroles) | **GET** /roles | Returns a list of all roles.
*RolesApi* | [**readRole**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#readrole) | **GET** /roles/{key} | Returns role with matching key.
*RolesApi* | [**removeConsoleLayoutInfo**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#removeconsolelayoutinfo) | **DELETE** /roles/{key}/consoleLayout | Removes the console layout information for the role with the given key, if available.
*RolesApi* | [**setConsoleLayoutInfo**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#setconsolelayoutinfo) | **PUT** /roles/{key}/consoleLayout | Sets the console layout information as JSON string for the role with the given key, if available.
*RolesApi* | [**updateRole**](docs/Api/RolesApi.md#updaterole) | **PUT** /roles/{key} | Updates the role matching the provided key.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /saml2sp/identityProviders/{key} | Deletes the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider with matching entityID.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**getActionsClasses1**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#getactionsclasses1) | **GET** /saml2sp/identityProviders/actionsClasses | Returns the list of available SAML2IdPActions implementations.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**importFromMetadata**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#importfrommetadata) | **POST** /saml2sp/identityProviders | Imports the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider definitions available in the provided XML metadata.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**list25**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#list25) | **GET** /saml2sp/identityProviders | Returns a list of all defined SAML 2.0 Identity Providers.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**read25**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#read25) | **GET** /saml2sp/identityProviders/{key} | Returns the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider with matching entityID, if available.
*SAML2IdPApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/SAML2IdPApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /saml2sp/identityProviders/{key} | Updates the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider with matching entityID.
*SAML2SPApi* | [**createLoginRequest1**](docs/Api/SAML2SPApi.md#createloginrequest1) | **POST** /saml2sp/serviceProvider/loginRequest | Generates SAML 2.0 authentication request for the IdP matching the provided entity ID.
*SAML2SPApi* | [**createLogoutRequest1**](docs/Api/SAML2SPApi.md#createlogoutrequest1) | **POST** /saml2sp/serviceProvider/logoutRequest | Generates SAML 2.0 logout request for the IdP matching the requesting access token.
*SAML2SPApi* | [**getMetadata**](docs/Api/SAML2SPApi.md#getmetadata) | **GET** /saml2sp/serviceProvider | Returns the XML metadata for the provided SAML 2.0 Service Provider.
*SAML2SPApi* | [**validateLoginResponse**](docs/Api/SAML2SPApi.md#validateloginresponse) | **POST** /saml2sp/serviceProvider/loginResponse | Validates the received SAML 2.0 authentication response and creates JWT for the matching user, if found.
*SAML2SPApi* | [**validateLogoutResponse**](docs/Api/SAML2SPApi.md#validatelogoutresponse) | **POST** /saml2sp/serviceProvider/logoutResponse | Validates the received SAML 2.0 logout response.
*SCIMConfApi* | [**get1**](docs/Api/SCIMConfApi.md#get1) | **GET** /scimv2conf | Reads SCIM configuration, generates empty if missing.
*SCIMConfApi* | [**set**](docs/Api/SCIMConfApi.md#set) | **PUT** /scimv2conf | Sets SCIM configuration.
*SchemasApi* | [**createSchema**](docs/Api/SchemasApi.md#createschema) | **POST** /schemas/{type} | Creates a new schema.
*SchemasApi* | [**deleteSchema**](docs/Api/SchemasApi.md#deleteschema) | **DELETE** /schemas/{type}/{key} | Deletes the schema matching the given type and key.
*SchemasApi* | [**readSchema**](docs/Api/SchemasApi.md#readschema) | **GET** /schemas/{type}/{key} | Returns schema matching the given type and key.
*SchemasApi* | [**searchSchema**](docs/Api/SchemasApi.md#searchschema) | **GET** /schemas/{type} | Returns a list of schemas matching the given query.
*SchemasApi* | [**updateSchema**](docs/Api/SchemasApi.md#updateschema) | **PUT** /schemas/{type}/{key} | Updates the schema matching the given type and key.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#create1) | **POST** /securityQuestions | Creates a new security question.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /securityQuestions/{key} | Deletes the security question matching the provided key.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**list26**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#list26) | **GET** /securityQuestions | Returns a list of all security questions.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**read27**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#read27) | **GET** /securityQuestions/{key} | Returns security question with matching key.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**readByUser**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#readbyuser) | **GET** /securityQuestions/byUser/{username} | Ask for security question configured for the user matching the given username, if any.
*SecurityQuestionsApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/SecurityQuestionsApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /securityQuestions/{key} | Updates the security question matching the provided key.
*SyncopeApi* | [**batch**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#batch) | **GET** /batch | Gets batch results, in case asynchronous was requested.
*SyncopeApi* | [**batch1**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#batch1) | **POST** /batch | Requests for batch execution.
*SyncopeApi* | [**numbers**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#numbers) | **GET** /numbers | Provides some numbers about the managed entities (users, groups, any objects...).
*SyncopeApi* | [**platform**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#platform) | **GET** /platform | Provides information summary about platform configuration (workflow adapters, provisioning managers, validators,  actions, correlation rules, reportlets, ...).
*SyncopeApi* | [**readUserTypeExtension**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#readusertypeextension) | **GET** /userTypeExtension/{groupName} | Extracts User type extension information, for the provided group.
*SyncopeApi* | [**searchAssignableGroups**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#searchassignablegroups) | **POST** /assignableGroups/{realm} | Returns the list of Groups, according to provided paging instructions, assignable to Users and Any Objects of  the provided Realm.
*SyncopeApi* | [**system**](docs/Api/SyncopeApi.md#system) | **GET** /system | Provides information about the underlying system (Operating System, CPU / memory usage, ...).
*TasksApi* | [**actionJob**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#actionjob) | **POST** /tasks/jobs/{key} | Executes an action on an existing executable&#39;s job.
*TasksApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#create1) | **POST** /tasks/{type} | Creates a new task.
*TasksApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /tasks/{type}/{key} | Deletes the task matching the provided key.
*TasksApi* | [**deleteExecution1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#deleteexecution1) | **DELETE** /tasks/executions/{executionKey} | Deletes the executable execution matching the provided key.
*TasksApi* | [**deleteExecutions**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#deleteexecutions) | **DELETE** /tasks/{key}/executions | Deletes the executions belonging matching the given query.
*TasksApi* | [**execute1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#execute1) | **POST** /tasks/{key}/execute | Executes the executable matching the given query.
*TasksApi* | [**getJob2**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#getjob2) | **GET** /tasks/jobs/{key} | Returns job (running or scheduled) for the executable matching the given key.
*TasksApi* | [**listExecutions1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#listexecutions1) | **GET** /tasks/{key}/executions | Returns a paged list of executions matching the given query.
*TasksApi* | [**listJobs1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#listjobs1) | **GET** /tasks/jobs | List jobs (running and / or scheduled).
*TasksApi* | [**listRecentExecutions1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#listrecentexecutions1) | **GET** /tasks/executions/recent | Returns the list of recently completed executions, ordered by end date descendent.
*TasksApi* | [**read28**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#read28) | **GET** /tasks/{type}/{key} | Returns the task matching the given key.
*TasksApi* | [**search3**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#search3) | **GET** /tasks/{type} | Returns a paged list of existing tasks matching the given query.
*TasksApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/TasksApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /tasks/{type}/{key} | Updates the task matching the provided key.
*UserSelfApi* | [**confirmPasswordReset**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#confirmpasswordreset) | **POST** /users/self/confirmPasswordReset | Reset the password value for the user matching the provided token, if available and still valid.  If the token actually matches one of users, and if it is still valid at the time of submission, the matching  user&#39;s password value is set as provided. The new password value will need anyway to comply with all relevant  password policies.
*UserSelfApi* | [**create1**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#create1) | **POST** /users/self | Self-registration for new user.
*UserSelfApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /users/self | Self-deletes user.
*UserSelfApi* | [**mustChangePassword**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#mustchangepassword) | **POST** /users/self/mustChangePassword | Changes own password when change was forced by an administrator.
*UserSelfApi* | [**read29**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#read29) | **GET** /users/self | Returns the user making the service call.
*UserSelfApi* | [**requestPasswordReset**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#requestpasswordreset) | **POST** /users/self/requestPasswordReset | Provides answer for the security question configured for user matching the given username, if any.  If provided answer matches the one stored for that user, a password reset token is internally generated,  otherwise an error is returned.
*UserSelfApi* | [**status1**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#status1) | **POST** /users/self/{key}/status | Self-perform a status update.
*UserSelfApi* | [**update1**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#update1) | **PUT** /users/self/{key} | Self-updates user.
*UserSelfApi* | [**update2**](docs/Api/UserSelfApi.md#update2) | **PATCH** /users/self/{key} | Self-updates user.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**claimForm**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#claimform) | **POST** /userworkflow/forms/{taskId}/claim | Claims the form for the given task id.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**executeTask**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#executetask) | **POST** /userworkflow/tasks/{taskId}/execute | Executes workflow task for matching id.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**getAvailableTasks**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#getavailabletasks) | **GET** /userworkflow/tasks/{userKey} | Returns a list of available tasks for the given user key.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**getFormForUser**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#getformforuser) | **GET** /userworkflow/forms/{userKey} | Returns a list of available forms for the given user key.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**getForms**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#getforms) | **GET** /userworkflow/forms | Returns a list of all available workflow forms.
*UserWorkflowApi* | [**submitForm**](docs/Api/UserWorkflowApi.md#submitform) | **POST** /userworkflow/forms | Submits a workflow form.
*UsersApi* | [**associateUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#associateuser) | **POST** /users/{key}/associate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*UsersApi* | [**createUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#createuser) | **POST** /users | Creates a new user.
*UsersApi* | [**deassociateUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#deassociateuser) | **POST** /users/{key}/deassociate/{action} | Executes resource-related operations on given entity.
*UsersApi* | [**deleteUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#deleteuser) | **DELETE** /users/{key} | Deletes any object matching provided key.
*UsersApi* | [**deleteUserAttribute**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#deleteuserattribute) | **DELETE** /users/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Deletes the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*UsersApi* | [**readUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#readuser) | **GET** /users/{key} | Reads the any object matching the provided key.
*UsersApi* | [**readUserAttribute**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#readuserattribute) | **GET** /users/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Reads the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*UsersApi* | [**readUserAttributes**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#readuserattributes) | **GET** /users/{key}/{schemaType} | Reads the list of attributes owned by the given any object for the given schema type.   Note that for the UserService, GroupService and AnyObjectService subclasses, if the key parameter  looks like a UUID then it is interpreted as as key, otherwise as a (user)name.
*UsersApi* | [**searchUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#searchuser) | **GET** /users | Returns a paged list of any objects matching the given query.
*UsersApi* | [**statusUpdate**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#statusupdate) | **POST** /users/{key}/status | Performs a status update on given user.
*UsersApi* | [**updateUser**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#updateuser) | **PUT** /users/{key} | Updates user matching the provided key.
*UsersApi* | [**updateUserAttribute**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#updateuserattribute) | **PUT** /users/{key}/{schemaType}/{schema} | Adds or replaces the attribute, owned by the given any object, for the given schema type and schema.
*UsersApi* | [**updateUser_0**](docs/Api/UsersApi.md#updateuser_0) | **PATCH** /users/{key} | Updates user matching the provided key.
*WorkflowApi* | [**delete1**](docs/Api/WorkflowApi.md#delete1) | **DELETE** /workflows/{anyType}/{key} | Removes the workflow definition for matching any object type, under the provided key.
*WorkflowApi* | [**exportDiagram**](docs/Api/WorkflowApi.md#exportdiagram) | **GET** /workflows/{anyType}/{key}/diagram.png | Exports the workflow diagram representation (if available), for matching any object type and key.
*WorkflowApi* | [**get2**](docs/Api/WorkflowApi.md#get2) | **GET** /workflows/{anyType}/{key} | Exports the workflow definition for matching any object type and key.
*WorkflowApi* | [**list27**](docs/Api/WorkflowApi.md#list27) | **GET** /workflows/{anyType} | Lists the available workflow definitions, for the given any object type.
*WorkflowApi* | [**set**](docs/Api/WorkflowApi.md#set) | **PUT** /workflows/{anyType}/{key} | Imports the workflow definition for matching any object type, under the provided key.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AccessTokenTO](docs/Model/AccessTokenTO.md)
 - [AccountPolicyTO](docs/Model/AccountPolicyTO.md)
 - [AnyObjectPatch](docs/Model/AnyObjectPatch.md)
 - [AnyObjectTO](docs/Model/AnyObjectTO.md)
 - [AnyPatch](docs/Model/AnyPatch.md)
 - [AnyTO](docs/Model/AnyTO.md)
 - [AnyTypeClassTO](docs/Model/AnyTypeClassTO.md)
 - [AnyTypeTO](docs/Model/AnyTypeTO.md)
 - [ApplicationTO](docs/Model/ApplicationTO.md)
 - [AssociationPatch](docs/Model/AssociationPatch.md)
 - [AttrPatch](docs/Model/AttrPatch.md)
 - [AttrTO](docs/Model/AttrTO.md)
 - [BooleanReplacePatchItem](docs/Model/BooleanReplacePatchItem.md)
 - [CamelMetrics](docs/Model/CamelMetrics.md)
 - [CamelRouteTO](docs/Model/CamelRouteTO.md)
 - [ConnBundleTO](docs/Model/ConnBundleTO.md)
 - [ConnConfPropSchema](docs/Model/ConnConfPropSchema.md)
 - [ConnConfProperty](docs/Model/ConnConfProperty.md)
 - [ConnIdObjectClassTO](docs/Model/ConnIdObjectClassTO.md)
 - [ConnInstanceHistoryConfTO](docs/Model/ConnInstanceHistoryConfTO.md)
 - [ConnInstanceTO](docs/Model/ConnInstanceTO.md)
 - [ConnObjectTO](docs/Model/ConnObjectTO.md)
 - [ConnPoolConfTO](docs/Model/ConnPoolConfTO.md)
 - [DeassociationPatch](docs/Model/DeassociationPatch.md)
 - [DerSchemaTO](docs/Model/DerSchemaTO.md)
 - [DomainTO](docs/Model/DomainTO.md)
 - [DynRealmTO](docs/Model/DynRealmTO.md)
 - [EntityTO](docs/Model/EntityTO.md)
 - [ErrorTO](docs/Model/ErrorTO.md)
 - [EventCategoryTO](docs/Model/EventCategoryTO.md)
 - [ExecTO](docs/Model/ExecTO.md)
 - [GroupPatch](docs/Model/GroupPatch.md)
 - [GroupTO](docs/Model/GroupTO.md)
 - [ImplementationTO](docs/Model/ImplementationTO.md)
 - [ItemTO](docs/Model/ItemTO.md)
 - [JavaImplInfo](docs/Model/JavaImplInfo.md)
 - [JobTO](docs/Model/JobTO.md)
 - [LoadInstant](docs/Model/LoadInstant.md)
 - [LogAppender](docs/Model/LogAppender.md)
 - [LogStatementTO](docs/Model/LogStatementTO.md)
 - [LoggerTO](docs/Model/LoggerTO.md)
 - [MailTemplateTO](docs/Model/MailTemplateTO.md)
 - [MappingTO](docs/Model/MappingTO.md)
 - [MeanRate](docs/Model/MeanRate.md)
 - [MembershipPatch](docs/Model/MembershipPatch.md)
 - [MembershipTO](docs/Model/MembershipTO.md)
 - [NotificationTO](docs/Model/NotificationTO.md)
 - [NotificationTaskTO](docs/Model/NotificationTaskTO.md)
 - [NumbersInfo](docs/Model/NumbersInfo.md)
 - [OIDCLoginRequestTO](docs/Model/OIDCLoginRequestTO.md)
 - [OIDCLoginResponseTO](docs/Model/OIDCLoginResponseTO.md)
 - [OIDCLogoutRequestTO](docs/Model/OIDCLogoutRequestTO.md)
 - [OIDCProviderTO](docs/Model/OIDCProviderTO.md)
 - [OrgUnitTO](docs/Model/OrgUnitTO.md)
 - [PagedConnObjectTOResult](docs/Model/PagedConnObjectTOResult.md)
 - [PagedResultAccessTokenTO](docs/Model/PagedResultAccessTokenTO.md)
 - [PagedResultAnyObjectTO](docs/Model/PagedResultAnyObjectTO.md)
 - [PagedResultExecTO](docs/Model/PagedResultExecTO.md)
 - [PagedResultGroupTO](docs/Model/PagedResultGroupTO.md)
 - [PagedResultRemediationTO](docs/Model/PagedResultRemediationTO.md)
 - [PagedResultTaskTO](docs/Model/PagedResultTaskTO.md)
 - [PagedResultUserTO](docs/Model/PagedResultUserTO.md)
 - [PagedResultWorkflowFormTO](docs/Model/PagedResultWorkflowFormTO.md)
 - [PasswordPatch](docs/Model/PasswordPatch.md)
 - [PasswordPolicyTO](docs/Model/PasswordPolicyTO.md)
 - [PlainSchemaTO](docs/Model/PlainSchemaTO.md)
 - [PlatformInfo](docs/Model/PlatformInfo.md)
 - [PolicyTO](docs/Model/PolicyTO.md)
 - [PrivilegeTO](docs/Model/PrivilegeTO.md)
 - [PropagationStatus](docs/Model/PropagationStatus.md)
 - [PropagationTaskTO](docs/Model/PropagationTaskTO.md)
 - [ProvisionTO](docs/Model/ProvisionTO.md)
 - [ProvisioningPolicyTO](docs/Model/ProvisioningPolicyTO.md)
 - [ProvisioningResult](docs/Model/ProvisioningResult.md)
 - [ProvisioningTaskTO](docs/Model/ProvisioningTaskTO.md)
 - [PullPolicyTO](docs/Model/PullPolicyTO.md)
 - [PullTaskTO](docs/Model/PullTaskTO.md)
 - [PushTaskTO](docs/Model/PushTaskTO.md)
 - [RealmTO](docs/Model/RealmTO.md)
 - [ReconStatus](docs/Model/ReconStatus.md)
 - [RelationshipPatch](docs/Model/RelationshipPatch.md)
 - [RelationshipTO](docs/Model/RelationshipTO.md)
 - [RelationshipTypeTO](docs/Model/RelationshipTypeTO.md)
 - [RemediationTO](docs/Model/RemediationTO.md)
 - [ReportTO](docs/Model/ReportTO.md)
 - [ReportTemplateTO](docs/Model/ReportTemplateTO.md)
 - [ResourceHistoryConfTO](docs/Model/ResourceHistoryConfTO.md)
 - [ResourceTO](docs/Model/ResourceTO.md)
 - [RoleTO](docs/Model/RoleTO.md)
 - [SAML2IdPTO](docs/Model/SAML2IdPTO.md)
 - [SAML2LoginResponseTO](docs/Model/SAML2LoginResponseTO.md)
 - [SAML2ReceivedResponseTO](docs/Model/SAML2ReceivedResponseTO.md)
 - [SAML2RequestTO](docs/Model/SAML2RequestTO.md)
 - [SCIMComplexConfEmailCanonicalType](docs/Model/SCIMComplexConfEmailCanonicalType.md)
 - [SCIMComplexConfIMCanonicalType](docs/Model/SCIMComplexConfIMCanonicalType.md)
 - [SCIMComplexConfPhoneNumberCanonicalType](docs/Model/SCIMComplexConfPhoneNumberCanonicalType.md)
 - [SCIMComplexConfPhotoCanonicalType](docs/Model/SCIMComplexConfPhotoCanonicalType.md)
 - [SCIMConf](docs/Model/SCIMConf.md)
 - [SCIMEnterpriseUserConf](docs/Model/SCIMEnterpriseUserConf.md)
 - [SCIMGeneralConf](docs/Model/SCIMGeneralConf.md)
 - [SCIMManagerConf](docs/Model/SCIMManagerConf.md)
 - [SCIMUserAddressConf](docs/Model/SCIMUserAddressConf.md)
 - [SCIMUserConf](docs/Model/SCIMUserConf.md)
 - [SCIMUserNameConf](docs/Model/SCIMUserNameConf.md)
 - [SchedTaskTO](docs/Model/SchedTaskTO.md)
 - [SchemaTO](docs/Model/SchemaTO.md)
 - [SecurityQuestionTO](docs/Model/SecurityQuestionTO.md)
 - [StatusPatch](docs/Model/StatusPatch.md)
 - [StringPatchItem](docs/Model/StringPatchItem.md)
 - [StringReplacePatchItem](docs/Model/StringReplacePatchItem.md)
 - [SystemInfo](docs/Model/SystemInfo.md)
 - [TaskTO](docs/Model/TaskTO.md)
 - [TypeExtensionTO](docs/Model/TypeExtensionTO.md)
 - [UserPatch](docs/Model/UserPatch.md)
 - [UserTO](docs/Model/UserTO.md)
 - [VirSchemaTO](docs/Model/VirSchemaTO.md)
 - [WorkflowDefinitionTO](docs/Model/WorkflowDefinitionTO.md)
 - [WorkflowFormPropertyTO](docs/Model/WorkflowFormPropertyTO.md)
 - [WorkflowFormTO](docs/Model/WorkflowFormTO.md)
 - [WorkflowTaskTO](docs/Model/WorkflowTaskTO.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## BasicAuthentication

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

## Bearer

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication



